# Bell Food Group Success Story

Mastering the logistics of fresh food Bell Food Group builds a hybrid approach to manufacturing, digitalization, and refrigeration Smooth operations at Bell Food Group’s facilities ensure that around half of the retail markets in Switzerland are supplied with fresh food daily. To keep production on track, the manufacturer needed to modernize its IT systems by enabling workloads at the edge to help streamline and digitalize production. Now the European food giant is innovating with massive, automated freezers and building a logistics center to speed fresh food delivery across 15 countries while reducing food waste. Fresh is first In the world of fresh food manufacturing, time is always of the essence. From farm to factory, factory to warehouse, and warehouse to retail market, there isn’t one step of the journey that should experience delays. “We are processing really fresh products,” says Valery Thomas, head of technology and digitalization at Bell Food Group AG. “Production cannot come to a halt. An interruption can result in millions in losses.” The group has a heritage of bringing quality foods to the European market for over 150 years. Its product range includes meat, poultry, charcuterie, seafood, and ultra-fresh convenience products, including salads, sandwiches, pasta, sauces, and entire ready-made meals. Industry: Manufacturing — Food and beverage Country: Switzerland Vision Innovate to deliver the highest quality foods to European markets Strategy Build an edge-to-cloud logistics platform to boost factory productivity while anticipating the next market trends Outcomes • Delivers fresh foods to retail markets and restaurants faster with an innovative logistics platform • Eliminates system downtime with 200% availability that speeds the production environment • Reduces cooling energy by 50% by pioneering an automated, next-generation refrigeration solutionHPE DIGITAL GAME CHANGERS Transformation on the horizon A lot has changed in the industry in the past five years. Along with the ongoing pressure of keeping production and delivery on time, Thomas wanted to evolve the group’s infrastructure to keep up with emerging trends. “We have seen exploding raw materials prices. We have retail customers who are trying to lower prices for shoppers. It’s a constant fight for us to continue delivering the highest quality product in this environment,” Thomas relates. But modernizing the group’s IT wasn’t ever going to be simple. “We are 150-year-old company, so there are a lot of older systems. On top of that, we’ve had a lot of non-organic growth. Each company we acquire brings its own legacy infrastructure,” Thomas says. “The challenge is really to harmonize and standardize where it’s possible and where it makes sense.” Today, Bell Food Group has more than 13,000 employees and 64 factories in 15 countries. The group knew it needed to transform to drive new efficiencies in everything from logistics to warehouse and factory technology. We now have a single point of entry where all our infrastructure is managed. And this covers everything — from our global data center to our small data centers across Europe. It also covers the edge. That’s really huge for our people.”–  Valery Thomas, Head of Technology and Digitalization,  Bell Food Group AG while simplifying how it is managed. Built on compute solutions, including HPE Synergy 480, HPE ProLiant DL380, HPE Apollo 4200 Gen10 Plus System, as well as HPE Primera A670 and A650 storage, the group worked together with LAKE Solutions AG, an HPE Platinum Partner, to pull together the design, installation, and deployment. “We’re in the food business, so it’s not the most digital business in the world. But as an IT department, we are trying to drive digital transformation so we can bring new solutions,” Thomas relates. “We wanted to drive automation. We needed to help the factories go paperless. And we needed to gather more data and bring new levels of transparency to make sure the business is on the right track.” Centralizing intelligence Thomas and the team also knew they couldn’t drive this kind of transformation on their own. “We have workloads everywhere: on-prem, in the public cloud, and at the edge. The first challenge was to find a partner who understood our needs. The second was to turn those needs into a strategy,” Thomas says. After talking to multiple candidates, Bell Food Group decided to work with Hewlett Packard Enterprise. “HPE had a plan to help centralize the management of all those workloads,” Thomas explains. “In today’s business world, you need to have the workloads where the business is. It’s why we chose the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform.” The HPE GreenLake platform allows the group to scale its technology stack “We now have a single point of entry where all our infrastructure is managed. And this covers everything — from our global data center to our small data centers across Europe. It also covers the edge,” Thomas says. “That’s really huge for our people.” With HPE Managed Services monitoring, operating, and optimizing the group’s infrastructure and applications, Thomas and the team can focus even more on innovation. “We really need to stay focused on sustainability, quality, and growth. And we can’t do that if we’re spending all our time managing our IT infrastructure,” Thomas says. “That’s why we chose HPE Managed Services, so we can focus on bringing our products to millions of customers and increasing profits — even in a time of market contraction.”HPE DIGITAL GAME CHANGERS Cold is gold Now the group is pioneering new solutions to age-old food industry problems. “As a food producer, we have to follow strict regulations around refrigeration,” Thomas says. “We have to monitor the logistics for our cold chain throughout the whole production process to make sure everything gets to our customers in the right condition at the right time.” To comply with those regulations and propel its cold chain into the coming decades, Bell Food Group just finished building a next-generation deep freezer that reduces energy use by 50%. “It’s fully automated with a capacity for 36,000 pallets. It’s enormous, and because its operating at -27 Celsius, it’s a place where humans can’t be.” The innovation is part of the backbone of Bell Food Group’s new logistics initiative. “We have hundreds of pallets going in and out every day coming from dozens of trucks. It’s a huge logistical undertaking, and it requires a lot of data — everything from telemetry to sensor data.” explains Thomas. to happen. Our new logistics center will feature the HPE GreenLake platform to help us accelerate both innovation and customer service,” Thomas says. When it comes to delivering fresh food on tight deadlines, the group now has powerful visibility into its facilities and processes. “With the HPE GreenLake platform, we have a better view of that data. We can see where bottlenecks are occurring and then optimize our processes.” Foundations for flexibility None of this would be possible without connecting the edge to private and public clouds. The hybrid approach enabled by the HPE GreenLake platform drives flexibility and agility for Bell Food Group to respond faster to changing customer needs. “Our customers are markets and restaurants who want to order today and get their food today, if possible,” Thomas says. “They can’t just order a week’s worth of food in advance. That means we need to be fast.” To that end, the group is investing in a new logistics center in the heart of Switzerland. “There’s a point where we just can’t be as responsive as we need to be without technology. So, we’re building new facilities to enable those processes Thomas credits the hybrid approach for delivering the speed Bell Food Group needs to enable this innovation. “Everything we make is produced in factories. We need short latencies because we have a lot of devices that need to be on the edge. And this is why the hybrid cloud is the best solution for us,” adds Thomas. Bell Food Group is ready for whatever comes next in culinary trends, customer behavior, and government regulation. “We definitely have the reliability and performance we were looking for and more. With the HPE GreenLake platform for compute and storage, we’re actually getting 200% systems availability. But we’re getting so much more than that. We stand for food safety, sustainability, and high-quality products. Now we’re innovating on all fronts,” Thomas says. “I’m really proud to have found a partner like HPE to work hand in hand together on this.” Our customers are markets and restaurants who want to order today and get their food today if possible. They can’t just order a week’s worth of food in advance. That means we need to be fast.”–  Valery Thomas, Head of Technology and Digitalization, Bell Food Group AGHPE DIGITAL GAME CHANGERS We’re actually getting 200% systems availability. But we’re getting so much more than that . . . Now we’re innovating on all fronts.”–  Valery Thomas, Head of Technology and Digitalization, Bell Food Group AG Explore more  Learn more about HPE GreenLake  Watch the video on Bell Food Group  Find more Digital Game Changer stories Solution HPE GreenLake • HPE Compute as a service • HPE Storage as a service • High performance computing as a service • Edge as a service • HPE Managed Services Hardware • HPE Synergy 480 • HPE ProLiant DL380 • HPE Primera A670 / A650 • HPE Apollo 4200 Gen10 Plus System Key partners • LAKE Solutions AG (HPE Platinum Partner) Chat Email Call Updates © Copyright 2023 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP. The information contained herein is subject to change  without notice. The only warranties for Hewlett Packard Enterprise products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. Hewlett Packard Enterprise shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. a50009964EN

----

# Mc Master University Success Story 

Revolutionizing antibiotic discovery with generative AI Researchers from McMaster University and Stanford University develop a groundbreaking machine learning model to accelerate antibiotic discovery and combat drug-resistant infections. The rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria poses a grave global threat, with estimates projecting up to 10 million annual deaths from antimicrobial resistance by 2050. In response, researchers at McMaster University and Stanford University utilized generative AI to achieve a breakthrough in antibiotic design. Their model, called SyntheMol, learns to design new antibiotic molecules using defined molecular building blocks. SyntheMol can generate synthesizable molecules with an efficiency of around 80%. With wet lab success rates of more than 10% — which is 10x higher than standard laboratory screening — this suggests a possible paradigm shift in drug discovery and potentially cuts the time and costs of antibiotic development in half. Tackling growing drug-resistant infections The rapid rise in bacteria unresponsive to antibiotics poses a serious threat to global health. In 2019, an estimated 1.3 million people worldwide died due to drug-resistant bacterial infections, contributing to a total of 4.95 million deaths associated with antibiotic resistance that year. As many as 10 million people could perish annually from such resistance by 2050. “At that point, it will surpass cancer as a cause of death,” says Jon Stokes, an assistant professor in biochemistry and biomedical sciences at McMaster University in Ontario and a world-leading researcher in antibiotics. “Bacteria are survivalists. They’re really good at figuring out ways to circumvent hostile extracellular environments, including antibiotics.” As drug-resistant infections become more widespread, routine medical procedures such as hip replacements, organ transplants, and cancer chemotherapy may no Industry: Research and education Country: Canada Vision Tackle the rise of drug-resistant bacteria by designing structurally novel antibiotics Strategy Accelerate and transform the process of discovering antibiotics using generative AI Outcomes • Achieves a 10x increase in success rates using generative AI, revolutionizing antibiotic discovery • Examines a massive array of potential drug candidates • Generates billions of molecules and overcomes the impracticality of laboratory testing • Potentially slashes the costs and duration of developing critical drugs by 50%HPE DIGITAL GAME CHANGERS longer be routinely practiced. “The risk of deadly infections could outweigh the benefits of improving a patient’s quality of life. Instead of providing a new hip, for example, a clinician might have to offer a wheelchair,” highlights Stokes. “Adding to the challenge is an alarmingly limited pipeline for antibiotic drug development. So, we need new antibiotics to avoid this post-antibiotic era that we’re staring at.” Discovering game-changing antibiotics Stokes and his team at McMaster University lead pioneering research in new antibiotics, aiming to discover next generation solutions that could improve outcomes for patients as well as healthcare systems. They deploy cutting-edge machine learning methods to identify and design new antibacterial molecules, developing highly efficient and cost-effective drug discovery methods in the process. Using AI to uncover compounds with desirable properties could lead to a paradigm shift. However, current approaches face major limitations. Traditional property prediction models evaluate molecules individually, which The generative AI model gave us a 10% in vitro success rate, which is significantly higher than the usual less than 1% in standard high-throughput screens.”–  Jon Stokes, Assistant Professor, Biochemistry and Biomedical Sciences, McMaster University indicating a tenfold increase in identifying promising substances in controlled laboratory experiments and surpassing the typical less than 1% performance in standard high-throughput tests. makes the process of exploring and identifying compounds a slow one. By contrast, certain machine learning methods — specifically generative AI models — can directly design molecules across a vast range of chemical structures, accelerating the validation of drug candidates. “With most prior generative AI models, the molecules that were designed were inaccessible in the lab. When you would show many of these molecules to a synthetic chemist, they’d be intractable or impractical to synthesize and test in a laboratory,” explains Stokes. “That’s a deal-breaker for my lab because our goal is to discover new drugs. This is why we had to think a little bit weird about the molecular design process to ensure we were generating molecules that we could actually physically acquire for wet lab evaluation.” Now, Stokes, together with Associate Professor James Zou and his team from Stanford University, has developed a generative AI model to design antibiotics that can be synthesized in one step using McMaster University’s HPE Cray Supercomputer. The model, called SyntheMol, has achieved a 10x improvement in its in vitro hit rate, This marks a breakthrough in using generative AI for the rapid design of easily synthesized molecules, potentially cutting costs and development time by half — from $2 billion and 10 years. Combating a highly virulent bacterium Stokes and his team aimed to develop an antibiotic generation model with synthetic tractability — that is, the ability to design molecules that can be easily and inexpensively synthesized in a laboratory. They focused on Acinetobacter baumannii, a highly virulent pathogen known for its drug resistance and for causing various infections, including those affecting the blood and wounds. “It’s not rare to find strains of Acinetobacter that are resistant to every antibiotic we have,” says Stokes. “So, if you contract it, there are no treatment options, and mortality is really, really high — anywhere between 

-----

# ABB Sustainability Success Story 
Toward a sustainable transport future Digitalization and automatization of ABB Motion Traction simulators increase engineering efficiency With sustainability at the core of its strategy, ABB Motion Traction wants to enable society to lower CO2 emissions. Using the Secure Edge Data Center technology and infrastructure as a service improves R&D and engineering processes with faster, more efficient software and hardware simulations. The result is faster time-to-market for innovative products, helping minimize transport emissions. The future of smart motion ABB Motion keeps the world turning. As the largest supplier of drives and motors globally—also a leader in traction technologies that push innovation in rail and e-mobility—its vision is to drive a low-carbon, sustainable future for transportation. ABB’s “smart motion” will help transportation industry customers optimize energy efficiency, improve safety and reliability, and achieve precise control. In turn, ABB promises passengers a cleaner way to travel. Innovation holds the key to change. So, ABB must constantly be competitive while driving its sustainability agenda. “We need to keep innovating to keep up with the new zero-emission trends and decarbonization of the planet,” explains Vishal Bisen, head of control engineering, ABB Motion. “We strive to deliver products that support the customer with punctuality and comfort, combined with zero-emission travel.” ABB is investing heavily in infrastructure to make sure that R&D engineers can develop products in much faster cycles to drive down time, cost, and energy consumption. Industry: Manufacturing Region: EMEA Vision Best possible support from IT infrastructure for the business to increase agility and flexibility Strategy Deliver infrastructure as a service to speed up R&D product simulation and drive efficiency across the product lifecycle Outcomes • Delivers sustainable infrastructure services to the business • Creates an agile IT infrastructure, flexible enough to adapt to the needs of the business • Reduces overall test times from 10 to two days Simulation makes faster, more energy‑efficient trains Simulators provide a way to unlock increased efficiency within the R&D and engineering process. They offer the chance to spin up test environments that generate enormous amounts of data for decision-making and avoid costly testing in real-world scenarios. ABB Motion works on around 70 to 80 projects a year, from one train to larger fleets, so significantly shortening production cycles has a real impact on reducing R&D cost, time, and energy consumption. These benefits help work toward lowering emissions and providing greener, cleaner travel. “The demand from R&D, engineering, and the factory to ramp up additional applications is growing to test what we have in a greener way,” explains Ralf Wuensch, IS manager, ABB Motion Switzerland. “We need more capacity to handle the data generated, where we can simulate circumstances and test in a fraction of the time it would take in a real-world scenario.” Trains must function safely for 20 hours per day over many decades. Finding an optimum solution to simulate the intensive working environment under which the vehicles must perform is a necessary part of the overall engineering lifecycle. Generating huge amounts of data is inevitable. By deploying a Secure Edge Data Center (SEDC), a data center in a box on the factory floor, ABB secures vast amounts of data where testing is conducted. Hence, on-premises data centers allow ABB to enable more secure, cost-effective, and faster simulations on the software deployed in vehicles, which leads to overall efficiency. “We’re working at the edge with the technology to innovate continuously and ultimately bring more value to our customers making the world a greener place,” says Bisen. Data at the edge With the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform, a new chapter of simulation and testing has been created. It puts the data center next to the applications, allowing scalability and ease of operation. For ABB Motion Traction, it will mean faster simulation and insights, and the ability to scale quickly by making data transfer simpler and more efficient. “We have chosen the Secure Edge Data Center to give us the flexibility to put the solutions next to the application we need to run, with the power and capacity of HPE GreenLake underpinning it,” explains Wuensch. ABB Motion keeps the world turning while saving energy every day. We innovate and push the boundaries of technology to enable the low-carbon future for customers, industries, and societies. With our digitally enabled drives, motors, and services, our customers and partners achieve better performance, safety, and reliability. We offer a combination of domain expertise and technology to deliver the optimum drive and motor solution for a wide range of applications in all industrial segments. Through our global presence, we are always close to serve our customers. Building on over 130 years of cumulative experience in electric powertrains, we learn and improve every day. By delivering infrastructure as a service, the ABB IT department can focus on building streamlined and fit-for-purpose solutions rather than dealing with the setting up and running of IT infrastructure. This will speed up the R&D process of product simulation and shorten the commissioning process of ABB Motion Traction solutions. “We have an infrastructure that is reliable, sustainable, and managed by HPE GreenLake Management Services, including the patching and maintenance, which leaves us to focus on applications like our manufacturing execution system, our R&D simulation, and other tools that drive our sustainability,” Wuensch continues. The SEDC contains the HPE SimpliVity hyperconverged platform, HPE Composable Infrastructure, which delivers a public cloud-like experience, HPE Synergy support for cloud-native applications, and HPE ProLiant DL servers. We need to keep innovating to keep up with the new zero-emission trends and decarbonization of the planet.”–  Vishal Bisen, Head of Control Engineering, ABB MotionSmart transport for the planet Keeping the SEDC solution near the factory floor, around engineering and production teams, means ABB can connect to operational equipment, which gives R&D the flexibility to capture new insights in different applications across the production cycle. It moves huge volumes of data more easily, and it’s also energy efficient. Wuensch continues, “One of the major benefits is that we are driving energy efficiency because it’s a data center in a box, so we don’t need the data center infrastructure such as cooling, air conditioning, and so on, which means we’re living our sustainability values.” Simulation testing time has been reduced enormously—tests that often took 10 days and involved deploying trains on tracks now take just two or three days, increasing efficiency, reducing costs, and of course, the impact on the environment. “Hewlett Packard Enterprise has identified the optimum solution for the enormous amounts of data and the storage that we needed for the simulators,” says Bisen. “We are continuously digitizing our hardware, resulting in huge amounts of data and a lot of processes, which have to be actioned very quickly— HPE GreenLake has delivered us the best solution for the job.” Attracting the right people As a company with a rich history of deploying the electrification of the Swiss railway system a century ago, the location of ABB has attracted a high density of extremely qualified engineers and experts. It understands that having the best available tools is very important to retain talent. “You probably won’t find any other place in Switzerland with this density of such highly qualified engineers,” explains Wuensch. “To maintain our knowledge base, it’s important that we’re working on cutting edge technologies and we have an IT infrastructure to match our ambitions.” IT delivers the foundations for challenging, complex projects that engineers enjoy working on. They can then focus on their “inventions” based on a stable, well-performing infrastructure. Our focus is on high customization and flexibility of our products because it gives an enormous advantage to our customers.”–  Ralf Wuensch, IS Manager, ABB Motion Switzerland The investment in innovation at ABB means simulations are easier to run and take much less testing time, energy, and cost when engineering traction converters for trains. For train passengers, this translates into punctual travel in comfort and a push toward increasingly sustainable travel. The trend will continue across other modes of transport too, including cars and buses. “Our focus is on high customization and flexibility of our products because it gives an enormous advantage to our customers and to passengers. We will continue to invest in technology because we need to continue to innovate to keep up with the new zero-emission trends, and that has to be good for everyone,” concludes Wuensch.Explore more  Discover more Digital Game Changer Stories  Watch video Explore HPE GreenLake Solution HPE GreenLake edge‑to‑cloud platform Services • HPE GreenLake Management Services Hardware • HPE ProLiant servers Chat Email Call Updates © Copyright 2023 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP. The information contained herein is subject to change  without notice. The only warranties for Hewlett Packard Enterprise products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. Hewlett Packard Enterprise shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. a50008229EN
----

# Maserati Racing Success Story 

Accelerating insights,  advancing electric  vehicles Maserati MSG Racing leverages real-time analytics  at the edge to drive more Formula E wins In the Formula E championship, Maserati MSG Racing is pushing limits beyond sustainable mobility, advancing the way it uses data to enhance performance. The team gains a competitive edge using artificial intelligence (AI) for faster, more precise insights into competitors’ strategies. With an integral data solution and real-time synchronization from trackside to headquarters, every team member is empowered to do their best work. Racing to the future of mobility Formula E is more than a motorsport. It’s also a test bed for electric vehicle technology to advance development and promote the adoption of sustainable mobility. Maserati MSG Racing runs with sustainability, diversity, and inclusion as its core values. “The approach we take is to have team spirit first. Then, we try to build with the best person in each position. We’re all pushing to optimize every aspect of the race,” says Season 9 Racing Director, Jérémy Colançon. “The goal is to win as many races as possible,” he continues. “There are different parts to it. For the qualifying round, we need to do the fastest lap we can. And then for the race, we need to manage energy while being quicker than our competitors.” Several factors make Formula E racing unique. Most races happen on temporary city street circuits. Cars have the same build, with regulations limiting component variations in order to maintain closer levels of performance and competition. And there’s attack mode, which gives drivers a temporary power boost when activated. Industry: Sports and entertainment Country: Monaco Solutions: AI, edge, security Vision Optimize team performance and energy management to gain speed and efficiency in the competition Strategy Leverage AI and edge technologies to accelerate data-driven insights that drive racing strategy Outcomes • Delivers AI-driven video and audio analytics for real-time insight into competitors’ strategies • Speeds image processing time by 8x (30 min vs. 4 hrs) • Enables real-time connectivity and data security • Optimizes team member contributions by reducing manual processesA data-driven strategy to win When elite drivers Maximilian Günther and Jehan Daruvala take the wheel, they rely on the work and expertise of a larger team, both at the track and back at Maserati MSG Racing’s headquarters in Monaco. “We’re using a lot of data to optimize the strategy and solutions we deliver for our drivers. Data from the simulators and the race weekend, from our team and other competitors. The goal was to get a better, faster treatment of all this data,” explains Colançon. To maximize data value and accelerate insights, the team partnered with Hewlett Packard Enterprise. “HPE knows well how to use data and how to integrate it into models. This is the added value we get, to put the data together and deliver one solution that is easy to use and understand.” The solution includes the deployment of AI projects to save time and improve team productivity and accuracy, infrastructure at trackside and headquarters, the connectivity between both, data protection, and fully managed services. “We have a longtime partnership with HPE,” says Laurie Clog, head of partnerships, Maserati MSG Racing. “They came on board in season 5 and we’ve grown together. We reached our first podium and first win together, so we really see the before and after of partnering with HPE.” The need for processing speed Formula E fans don’t get to see what it takes to prepare for every race weekend. “We run three days in the simulator to prepare the driver and the team for every scenario we have during the race,” states Colançon. The simulator enables the team to learn the circuit, define car setup, play out different strategies, and optimize energy management. HPE helps improve simulator capacity and data storage. Just like on track, speed is crucial in processing data before and after the race. “HPE helps us achieve speed and efficiency — key elements that make a race team successful. That’s why this partnership is a huge advantage to us,” says James Rossiter, season 9 team principal, Maserati MSG Racing. Each Wednesday before the race, the team sets its garage up. This includes the edge infrastructure, which enables real-time processing of a wide range of data, including audio and video from the team’s drivers and other competitors. HPE SimpliVity delivers an integrated solution with simplified setup, management, and backup while HPE Edgeline supports AI use cases. The data collected and processed in this infrastructure is shared in real time with the team’s data center in Monaco, which features HPE Nimble Storage and HPE ProLiant DL360 Gen10 Servers with NVIDIA® GPUs for optimized performance of AI workloads. This data center was recently relocated to the team’s new headquarters with help from HPE Relocation Services. Accelerating visual analysis With all the race sessions falling on Friday and Saturday, the Maserati MSG Racing team gets a limited window of time to analyze data and make informed decisions. “This is why we need tools and processes that are quick and efficient, to make sure that we are optimizing during this really short time,” explains Colançon. That is where AI expertise from HPE now aids the team. “When we have back-to-back races, people are tired and can easily make mistakes. AI tools also help us avoid human error,” Clog adds. The racing team participated in the HPE Artificial Intelligence Services — Transformation Workshop, to define an AI road map. After that, the team started working with HPE AI and data transformation services to deploy several use cases. We are using a lot of data to optimize the strategy and solutions we deliver for our drivers. Data from the simulators and the race weekend, from our team and other competitors. The goal was to get a better, faster treatment of all this data.”–  Jérémy Colançon, Season 9 Racing Director, Maserati MSG RacingAI tools also help us avoid human error.” One of those is using video analytics to optimize energy management. “We analyze the battery levels of the other competitors during the race. All cars start with 100% of energy, and then it decreases depending on how drivers use it.” Colançon describes. “The HPE solution finds battery level percentages on video and runs those numbers through a model to make sure we are using the right strategy.” HPE also helps accelerate image processing. For example, the team uses geometrical analysis to figure out competitors’ car setups. The time to complete this process was reduced from 4 hours to 30 minutes. Keeping a close ear on competitors During the race, teams can listen to all the drivers’ radio communication. Maserati MSG Racing worked with HPE to develop an AI-driven speech-to-text solution to gain broader, faster, more precise insights into competitor’s strategies. The solution was developed to record audio, translate and transcribe, and deliver searchable files — all in real time and fully integrated into the team’s core software and tools. “We used to need four to five people to do this. We were only able to listen to half of the grid, with some delay, and it wasn’t always clear. Now, we can analyze 100% of the conversations. That’s very powerful for us. It allows our people to perform other tasks that add more value to the team.” –  Laurie Clog, Head of Partnership, Maserati MSG Racing “The wireless network with seamless roaming allows our engineers to move freely around the track and always be connected in a secure way.” “This also helped us adapt to Formula E regulation changes,” relates Vithu Yogarajah, Maserati MSG Racing’s chief simulation engineer. “The number of engineers we’re allowed to have following the race was reduced, but now we don’t need any team member focusing on radio communication.” “Now, we can better anticipate other competitors’ strategy and know, for example, when they’ll activate attack mode. We need this information to quickly adapt during the race,” Colançon adds. Always connected, always secure Data transfer needs to happen at the speed of the race. “We have 30 people on track, and six more following the race at our Monaco headquarters. Everyone needs to be linked and fully in sync,” says Colançon. That’s why the team uses HPE Aruba Networking technology for its core network and Wi-Fi. “We are using multiple networks, such as the car network where we can connect to have access to sensor and settings data, or the radio system. It’s very complex, and HPE Aruba Networking switching allows us to set up every network to be reliable,” says Yogarajah. The high-performance network enables real-time data synchronization between race location and headquarter’s data center. To keep its competitive edge, the team must also ensure data security. “We’re gaining performance from this data, so it’s critical for us to maintain and protect it,” Yogarajah explains. “We have the proper hardware solutions for this, and cloud backup as another level of protection.” HPE helps enhance data security from different angles. HPE StoreOnce and Veeam power an integral backup solution, HPE Managed Services delivers 
----
